Please get out now
Otherwise, it's not something that can be solved by scolding
This is an investment banquet hosted by my fiancee Qin Yan
Why am I here? I have never heard of Chen
Fiancé I
Miss Qin is a true business genius
Even we have never seen the dignity of flowers
You haven't seen it because you don't have the ability
It doesn't mean I'm not my colleague Li Yan
Do you have any idea who you're talking to?
You said Mr. Chen is not capable
I can't even get into the door of Chen's head office
I know who you are
You apologize to the two bosses immediately.
Ask them for forgiveness
Maybe get away with it.
How can I get in?
I don't want to go too deep.
But you're always confused about hitting me.
Now you can only go
I know you came to ask me for money today.
Say how much
I satisfy you all at once
Looking up to you, do you know
If Qin Nian hadn't dragged me here
You don't even have the qualifications to see me again
You don't even have the qualifications to enter here
You are only eligible with us.
4 Dahao rented it in a while
I hope you will use my courage to say such a big thing
For the sake of you and me
I don't pursue it, please leave immediately.
Do you hear me?
Get the hell out of here
4 big luxury rentals will arrive soon.
You're going to hit them later.
It's a dead end
If they do come
It's time to get out, but it's you